docs: instruction about adding packages in ui-component library (#48750)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-work-on-the-component-library.md

npm run test-ui-components
```

## Adding packages to the UI-Component library

> We need a better way of managing our styles and components. Adding external packages may hinder our management in the future, but there are cases in which, adding the component is too hard and maintaining it will add a taxing load on us. In this scenario, you can ask the maintainers if it's possible to add an external package to carry that weight. When it's approved, you can add that package using the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We restrict adding new packages to the UI Components to help with the project's maintainability. In the rare chance that you think a dependency is needed, please check with the maintainers first and then use the following command to add a package:
```

Always use a succinct and direct tone in guides.
